docs(cketh/ckerc20): update docs with new helper smart contract address (#2759)
dfinity/ic: rs/ethereum/cketh/docs/cketh.adoc

----
====

Call the link:https://etherscan.io/address/0x18901044688D3756C35Ed2b36D93e6a5B8e00E68#writeContract[minter helper contract] `depositEth` function with your principal encoded and the amount as parameters.

> Call the link:https://etherscan.io/address/0x18901044688D3756C35Ed2b36D93e6a5B8e00E68#writeContract[minter helper contract] `depositEth` method of the helper smart contract (can be called from contract's Etherscan page) specifying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call the link:https://etherscan.io/address/0x18901044688D3756C35Ed2b36D93e6a5B8e00E68#writeContract[minter helper contract] `depositEth` method of the helper smart contract (can be called from the contract's Etherscan page) specifying
```

. The amount of ETH being deposited.
. The IC principal encoded as a `bytes32`.

> . The IC ledger subaccount, use `0x` to use the default subaccount. Together with the IC principal, they uniquely identify an IC ledger account to which the amount of ckETH should be minted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The IC ledger subaccount (use `0x` for the default subaccount). The IC principal together with the IC ledger subaccount uniquely identify an IC ledger account to which the amount of ckERC-20 should be minted.
```
